Had anyone suffered night sweats for years on this, but when got off the med did it stop? I’m being weaned off but afraid it won’t ever end, although I think it will.

I've been on lexapro since october (a couple of 5 mg, 10 since then). It's been great! I can sleep at night again, and I can get through the day without a break down! I was the most worried about weight gain, but I've actually found it easier to diet since I've been taking it. Here's the issue: I'm a cold person, living in a cold place, and have a cold bedroom, but I've been waking up covered in sweat. I'm not hot or uncomfortable, but I wake up drenched. I googled it, and found that anti-depressants can cause this...so I guess it's not really a question, just a "huh" post. Commiseration? Suggestions?

I started on 10mg 4 weeks ago and had the typical side effects first couple of weeks. Those seemed to subside and I’m starting to get the positive effects now. Last few nights I’ve had some crazy night sweats though. Is it normal for night sweats to be a side effect this late in the game?

I have gained 4kg since starting lexapro that is impossible to lose. My weight was always 62-63kg for at least 10 years and this jump to 67kg is making me so upset as I can clearly see the difference. Worst part that even by cutting on food and drinks it doesn’t go away. Do you know if it goes away once you stop lexapro? Any tips for weight loss or maintaining previous weight while on medication?

Just got a prescription for 10mg Lexapro once a day for severe anxiety I’ve had all my life that has kept me from socializing or going anywhere or doing anything beyond the minimum. Constant panic attacks, never feel comfortable, constant tightness in chest feel like I can’t breathe. I want to be optimistic and start taking Lexapro but I am scared to take it. I am deathly afraid of taking it because I don’t want to gain weight and make my self image even worse. I wouldn’t say I ever feel depressed just anxious but I feel like this would just constantly increase my anxiety.

Has anyone been on Ozempic for weight loss while on Lexapro? My doctor suggested it for me today because I was discouraged with my weight gain. I just wondered how it worked out for others.

Does anyone here drink on 20mg lexapro I’m craving a few beers but anxious about how it will go

As a 24m I often go out with friends/coworkers to drink at bars. Ever since being on lexapro when I heavily drink I’ll get incredibly sick when drunk. Does this happen to others?

Does the dreaming ever stop? I wake up in the night bc the dreams are so weird/anxiety inducing. I like lexapro a lot and I feel like it’s working for me. Is there any way to make the dreams stop without switching to another SSRI?

So I've been on Lexapro, 20mg for about 2 months now and it has given me my life back which is awesome, but my god these dreams I've been having are so exhausting! They are so full on, and so many of them in one night, it feels like I've run a marathon when I wake up in the morning... Does anyone else deal with this ?

Anyone else having the most vivid dreams you’ve ever had in your life?! Like I really don’t know sometimes if I’m sleeping or awake. Also they are so bizarre and sometimes super disturbing. I’m only on 10mg too.

I understand how lexapro blocks the th re-uptake of serotonin, bit can anyone suggest a video that explans mhow it reduces anxiety and ruminating?

After a few weeks when the side effects go away... do they randomly come back from time to time or are they gone for good?

I’ve heard omega 3, vitamins d3 and magnesium can help your antidepressant work better. Anyone else take these?