Hi everyone, this will be my first time trying an antidepressant and I’m really nervous. Do I have to take it at the same time every day? Should I set aside a day to take it in case I experience bad side effects?

Does everyone experience this?

I’m currently on 20 mg , have been for a while now. It’s so strangely silent in my head currently. I’m usually racing with thoughts ; one worry after the next. It’s so peaceful … almost anxiety inducing itself haha

Edit: took it last night I know as far as my anxiety goes it won’t kick in for a couple of weeks but man I had the best sleep of my life. Woke up feeling great. I have a minor headache though

At what week did you start noticing benefits from the Lexapro? What benefits did you notice?

Hi, I’ve been on lexapro for 8 years but slowly tapered off last year not because of terrible side effects or sth but simply because of thinking I might be good without it. After 6 weeks without I spiraled into deep depression and anxiety and began taking it again (10mg) since 8 days. I have a feeling that it’s starting to work again but I’m still worrying that it might not work the second time around. Has anyone had success starting again? Specifically I felt pretty good yesterday evening only to feel pretty bad as of now again...

I had kind of a rough start with side effects with Lexapro (ESPECIALLY increased anxiety). Kinda want to increase my dose but nervous to experience it all over again. Thoughts and experiences?

I know this question has been asked a lot, but I just want to make sure it’s okay because of the weird timing I just realized I missed my dose today (usually take my 10 mg around 8-9 am) and that I won’t be home until late tonight to take it (10pm). Do I just wait to take the next dose at my normal time tomorrow? Don’t want to risk getting serotonin syndrome

I started 5mg 4 weeks ago and the last week has been rough with increased anxiety and social anxiety. Has anyone had the same? Will it pass?

I've been on 5mg for 7 weeks and I just can't take the extreme hunger that it gives me. Like to the point I feel like I'm going to pass out. So I'm going to start weening off it. Any tips ? I don't think I will have many side effects with such a low dose but idk. Thanks!

I'm at about 2 months at 25. Last couple weeks were great (I found that 3.75mg mirt seemed to help, but now not so much, maybe coincidentally)but yesterday sucked and today only a little better. Close to yesterday. Did you have anything like that? Like some good days, then some bad, then got better? Hoping it's just a blip.

Since starting on 10mg, I’ve lost roughly 8 pounds. I was already pretty small, so I really don’t have much weight I can afford to lose. I am just not hungry at all, and can barely stomach 2 meals a day. Anybody else experienced such a drastic decrease in appetite, or is there maybe something else up?

Hi all, I increased my Lexapro from 15mg to 20mg a month ago after being on 15mg for 5 years and for the most part most of my anxiety has gotten better. (I have some bad moments but it’s dissipating) However, although my anxiety is down, I just feel more tired and have a lack of enthusiasm for things that usually interest me. I’ve heard about mixing Wellbutrin and Lexapro and how it can help but I don’t want to start another SSRI unless I really have to. Did anyone else feel what I’m feeling at this point? And did it just go away? My energy and enthusiasm was fine on 15mg before my anxiety kicked back up again. Please help?

Thia is My 4th day on lexapro , my mood is generally good , no anxiety and feeling very well . My doc prescribed hydroxyzine dichlorhydrate for me to sleep but this shit is definitely not working , i have work in 2 hours and i hate that i didnt sleep idk how am i going to get thought this day or what to do

29M, ADHD + GAD So, after about 6 weeks on 5mg, my psych asked me to move to 10mg. I used to take the lex at night right before sleeping, so I didn't really have side effects that were too bad (apart from the first couple of days). Now that I'm supposed to take 10mg, my psych recommended a 5mg dose in the afternoon and then a 5mg at night. I also take ADHD meds (which honestly have been a life saver) - 40mg instant release methylphenidate (aka Ritalin/Concerta) in the morning, and optionally 20mg later in the day. My questions: 1. What should I expect moving from 5mg to 10mg? 2. Anyone else here taking concerta/ritalin? We could share experiences and tips, etc. Cheers!

I used to get teary and riled up at movies, TV and books a lot in the past, but ever since I’ve been on pills I’ve found it just doesn’t happen. Going to the cinema to see the kind of movie that would usually get me elicits no real response now beyond recognising what it’s trying to do. It’s the same both ways - exciting stuff just doesn’t grab me anymore, and the kind of media meant to make the audience cry or whatever just feels like it doesn’t succeed every time. Is this to do with lexapro or am I just really depressed?

Hello all, I I have OCD and GAD. I have used Lexapro twice in my life, both times for about 12-16 months. It has been incredibly beneficial to me with the only side effect being weight gain. However per the prescribers directions i taper off and discontinue use after a year or so. However I have begun wondering if I should pursue a psych that would consider prescribing extended use. Life is just so much better when I am taking it. I am in counseling and have been for a couple years. That’s going great and has been incredibly helpful, but it feels like it can’t change my chemistry and the general anxious state I am always in. So I am wondering if anyone has or is used lexapro for either a long period of time or is using it for life? Side question, did anyone lose the weight gain when they went off? 😂

Has anyone been on Lexapro 10mg long term?

I stopped taking it because I honestly forgot for a few days and I was like well, I feel pretty good mentally. For a while I felt my silly personality come back and I loved that. I felt my deep emotions. But I also was way more depressed and anxious and it definitely caught up to me. Without the lexapro, I started having physical effects of anxiety that I haven’t felt in a long time since starting the medication. Chest tightness, racing thoughts, mentally paralyzed from all the stress. So I said f*** it, I’m getting back on. Day 4! Feeling somewhat better already. I guess it’s worth it :///

Does anyone else experience HORRIBLE night sweats??? And it’s not because I’m overheating, if anything they are cold sweats.. I wake up cold and sticky. I’ve been prescribed 20mg Lexapro for 5+ years now, and I’d say my night sweats have gotten noticeably worse over the past 2 years. I’ve read multiple things online about antidepressants causing night sweats, so that’s why I’ve come the conclusion that Lexapro is the culprit 🥺

Like the title says, anyone have better success with their anxiety/depression after getting off Lexapro? I’m becoming more convinced that anxiety/depression is our body’s way of telling us something needs to change in our lives. Lexapro has gotten rid of my anxiety, not so sure about the depression though. I’m sleeping, but it’s weird sleep. Can’t remember dreams and don’t feel totally refreshed in the morning. Feel like a zombie during the day. I’m just questioning if meds are the right way to go if something as simple as a lifestyle change could be the remedy.

So I have been on Lexapro for 6 weeks now. I used to have terrible anticipation anxiety, basically before ANY event. Whether it was a work meeting, meeting new people, etc. So far I am 6 weeks in, I haven't experienced any anticipation anxiety this past week. I had a huge work meeting today (usually I would feel so anxious going into it) but I kinda didn't care? Not that I didn't care about the meeting, I definitely did. I just didn't feel nervous and shaky. I kinda just felt optimistic and kinda of like "whatever" about the meeting. I noticed that I'm in a better mood when I come across stressful situations, I do not dwell on situations and have a "dread" feeling when something new and different comes up in my life that would usually give me anxiety. &amp;#x200B; Has anyone else experienced this? It's kinda of like I am being the best version of myself.

Just wondering what you guys do when you have a bad day on lexapro, anxiety/depression wise? I’ve been on 10mg for 6 months now, and overall I’m so happy and a lot less anxious!! I do have bad days here and there, but not often. But a stressful event at school yesterday gave me some anxiety, and now I’ve had it off and on since then. Just wondering how you guys go about bouncing back after a bad day? I rarely ever get panic attacks anymore and had a few mini ones today :(

I started the drug a few days ago and so far I've noticed that I am completely lacking any type of negative emotion aside from an ominous feeling that comes in and out very briefly. I lost half my appetite, I feel kinda nauseous, and I am starting to disregard consequences. How long does this last before it's smooth sailing? Will my appetite come back and will the ominous feel go away?

Anyone have advice on how to control weight gain? I have never had issues gaining weight and have always maintained my weight through the years. I’ve gained 7 pounds since starting lexapro in January and it’s making me depressed seeing my body thicker than usual. I eat healthy and workout at least 4 days a week. Any advice will help!

It’s through the roof this week and I’ve had panic attacks every evening 😩 Can I expect this to get better??! Helpp I’m on 7.5

Ok guys, I'm not able to get to a doctor in the near future so I thought I'd ask this here. Is there any point in cycling off lexapro, and doing a schedule like this? This week - take normal dosage Week of 6/25 - take 1/2 dosage Week of 7/1 take 1/2 dosage every other day Week of 7/8 go cold turkey Week 7/15 - CT side effects are probably gone Week 8/8 - go back on lexapro again? The reason behind this is lexapro works for me, but I just want a break of the consistent side effects (bloating, sleep, diaherra, etc). I assume I probably shouldn't do it because these drugs are strong, but thoughts?

Day 12 10mg 1 month 5 mg Seems like it’s working. Everyday is getting better and side effects are fading slowly Was able to drive today in traffic. Started taking early morning so by night I get tired and sleep. Let’s see how it goes. But I can see the change and you will toooo.

Things will be going well for a month and then BAM. PMS hits so hard. Is there anything I can do to help this? Up my dose? Start another medication?

Do you take Lexapro in the morning or at night I currently have a hard time sleeping at night wake up in the middle of the night and can’t fall back asleep I’m starting 5mg Lexapro and want to know when is best I don’t want to be tired all day I have a baby to take care of

40/m here. Been on SSRIs for about a year and a half now. Never had a panic attack in my life until I started the SSRIs. Started with Luvox and switched to Lexapro to see if that would calm things down. After a trip to the ER last week it turns out I’ve been having PVCs which have been triggering the panic attacks. Both the ER doc and a paramedic told me SSRIs can interfere with with electrical signals in the heart. After talking to him on the phone, as of today my psychiatrist is weaning me off of the Lexapro. Anyone else have a similar experience? PS. I don’t drink alcohol, caffeine, or smoke tobacco or cannabis.

I have severe acne on my back. It looks like a horrible allergic reaction to something. I also can’t sleep at night. I have insomnia. Any recommendations?

I stopped taking this stuff after 5 days because of the side effects (face twitching, severe fatigue/depression, low stamina and feelings of tightness/weakness in my face, hands and legs, this shit is fucking poison for me) and it's been about a week and I still have some of the effects. Has that happened to anyone else? I didn't take it very long, but these effects never happened before I took this medication. I truly regret trying this med.

\[Billie, 17y, he/him\] A week ago I decided to quit taking 20mg cold turkey without consulting my psychiatrist because I thought I knew what was best for me and the medication wasn't working at all (I've been taking it for 2 months). I red online that you're supposed to gradually take a smaller dose to get less intense withdrawal symptoms but I though I wouldn't get many since the medication didn't give me many side effects other than fatigue. Well, I did a mistake. On the first couple days I felt great: clear headed, I could sleep, and I thought I wasn't going to get withdrawals. Today is day 6 and I feel like I felt when I got covid (it was awful) except I have so much anxiety, I feel like crying all the time, I have muscular spasms (I've never had them before), I can't sleep, I have nausea, brain zaps, I'm sweating EVEN MORE, I've been shaking the whole day and I have joint pain. No matter how much or how long you've been taking your medication, DO NOT QUIT COLD TURKEY!!

I have been on Lexapro for about 1.5 months now. I went from 5 mg in the first week to 10 mg later for 3 weeks and then my dose was increased to 15 mg now. I had trouble sleeping because of stress and anxiety. But after about 1 week with Lexapro, I started sleeping well but I never used to get dreams. I haven’t really felt any sort of adverse side effects so far, but I have been having the weirdest dreams for the last week. It is absolutely out of scope for anything remotely close to the dream to actually happen in real life, basically my dreams are Bat shit crazy! They’re NOT NIGHTMARES and just weird and absolutely out of whack! Has this happened to anyone else? Do you guys think I should talk to my doctor about this?

hi! i started on 2.5mg and slowly worked my way up to 7.5mg. a few weeks after that tbh i stopped taking it , i missed a day or 2 then took my usual dose of 7.5mg and got really sick. since then i haven’t taken it cause it was a nightmare but it honestly really helped me should i start again but at 2.5mg and work my way back up?

I’ve been on lexapro since 12/1/22. It has really been helping. I hadn’t had a panic attack in weeks, that is, until today. I fell asleep late and woke up very early - exhausted but I had to get ready and leave. Had a bad panic attack in the car. Does lack of sleep affect y’all too? I’m only on my 4th week of the medicine so I know there are ups and downs but I really think it was the lack of sleep.

is there anyone out there who tried weed before lexapro and freaked out and then had a better experience with weed once they got on lexapro? i'd love to hear your experiences :)

I’ll keep this brief: I’ve been on lexapro for 7 months now, but for whatever reason my prescriber didn’t fill my prescription. I’m on 20mgs and missed yesterday’s dose as well as today’s. At what point am I in serious trouble? I’m trying to get ahold of my prescriber but to no avail so far.

So I have been on 10mg for 8 months and I'd like to get off them. I will ask my doctor for a plan of course. I did some research myself too and I came a cross a forum with people saying they have been having withdrawal symptoms such as suicidal thoughts and other mental symptoms for years and that they are horrible. This got me pretty scared and I am now wondering how I know that the withrdawal symptoms I could get are real and not placebo. If you had any WD, how long did it last and how did you cope with it?

Had my booster on Friday and feel very ordinary. Been on lex for 3 months and my anxiety has come back since the jab. Anyone else experienced this ?

I'm a 18F and have just switched from zoloft to lexapro a month ago. Since starting lexapro, the only side effects I've noticed is increased appetite. For the second week, I would be in pain due to how hungry I was and constantly eating which has obviously now had an effect of my body and weight. I obviously would not like to be this weight or continue to gain and so I'm unsure what to do.

I’ve always been a gassy bitch (vegan, I eat a lot of beans 🤷🏻‍♀️), but since I started Lexapro, it seems like I’m nonstop bloated and farting up a storm. Been on 20mg for about two months, my psych says I could consider switching if it’s still this bad in another month. My diet is the same from before the meds and I eat vegan for ethical reasons, so that’s not going to change. GasX and Beano take the edge off, but seems I need them every few hours to notice a real difference. The Lexapro has done wonders for me besides this side effect, still hoping it goes away at some point but I might have to look into other options if it stays like this. Anyone else out there a flatulent hot air balloon like me??

im on 20mg, considering lowering my dose in half to begin with and work from there. i think now would be a safe time to do so because i dont have any obligations and if im unstable it wont be something that interferes with work life. i dont know, im afraid of not being able to think straight because i have ADD. im really grateful for lexapro but i do feel that being medicated has made life much more bland

hi!! this is my first reddit post lol idk where else to go. i ve had anxiety and depression for about two years now and i’ve noticed i’ll feel really really awful one week and then for the next three i’ll slowly start to feel better. usually that one awful week is triggered by soemthing and then i’ll isolate myself and i’ll feel better. as of late (2 weeks after my first therapy appt) i’ve felt better. my friends pushed me to start going to therapy and see a psychiatrist and he prescribed me lexapro and this blood pressure medication bc i get bad nightmares. i still feel like my depression and anxiety isn’t bad enough to be medicated. im so worried about the side effects and i feel like i’m gaslighting myself. i’m also extremely worried about gaining weight, i’ve had a serious problem with eating disorders in the past. any advice helps, i know i sound stupid but this is the first time i’m doing anything other than smoking weed.

I did use Lexapro for 10 years no problem. Stoped 3 year ago and now started with a local brand and clearly have sideffects. Can it be generics working different?

Hello, 39 yr old female with depression and social anxiety. I previously was on Wellbutrin, however, after a few years and dose increases it stopped being effective so I ultimately weened off. I have my script for Lexapro but as of yet I have not started it. Nervous about side effects I guess. I have 5 mg pills so my plan is to cut them in half and start with 2.5 daily. Then increase to 10 mg daily as tolerated. I currently have issues with binge and over eating. I was wondering if anyone noticed that Lexapro helped with this? Also, does anyone have any success stories regarding improvement in social anxiety symptoms ?

Does anyone else struggle with jaw clenching? Not just at night but during the day also.

I started 5mg yesterday morning for my postpartum anxiety/depression and insomnia due to my anxiety. I kid you not yesterday was the first day in weeks I felt relief from my symptoms. It was very subtle. I went to bed with no anxiety last night for the first time in two months but I could not fall asleep at all. I took another dose this morning but don’t want to end up not sleeping again. I have to take care of my kids so not sleeping at all isn’t something I can do (I thought my sleep issues were bad before but not sleeping period is just worse) Has anyone else gone through this? I was really hopeful this medication would get me out of what I’ve been going through. I’m just looking for some hope. If I stop taking the pills after today, how long does it take for your sleep to come back, a day I imagine? Thank you. Please be kind this has all been horrible for me.

I take it everyday on 8:00 pm and now its 7 : am in my country and i forgot to take it yesterday What i supposed to do? What is gonna happen? When i get home should i take it ? Its gonna be 11 am when i go back at home

It's the only withdrawal side effect im not handling well. Communicating goes well, i can stop these feelings but everyday stuff like housework and studying became so much harder. Smallest things set me off and i have to take breaks. How long will this last? Will it get worse? (I'm 5 days in). I really need some tips how to manage myself.

I am starting my 4th week on lexepro. Anxiety was better but it is starting to increase and stomach cramps that were present during first 2 weeks are back. Anyone else see similar pattern during the 4th week?

Intro Day 10 - 3rd day of 5mgs. I am diagnosed w Depression, anxiety &amp; ADHD since age of 9. My memory, cognitive, learning has been effected by childhood trauma. Being that my mind feels blank and fatigued 24/7, it has caused me to fail many aspects in life - had to drop college. I believe the brain fog was because of the emotional distress I endured for so long with no one to turn to. Question Did lexapro help with cognitive issues?

So I’m on day 2 of 2.5. If you saw my other posts, you might remember I couldn’t handle 10 or 5mg. Well 2.5 seems to be okay, except in the last hour I’ve gotten this weird high feeling. Also tired. Of course, both is making me think I’ve gotten “you know what” but the odd thing is I’m now not having any physical symptoms of anxiety. Just this weird drugged feeling. Almost as if I’m derealized or disassociated or something. I’ve been anxious all day due to “you know what” and an incident earlier this week that I won’t get into. (I logically know I’ve overblown the risks) Has anyone else experienced something like this?

I’m currently on 25 mg of Zoloft and I’m on day 8 . I had diarrhea for the past 4 days and increased anxiety as well as me feeling spacy as hell wondering if I should call the doc to switch

What is the minimum of days that we need to take Lexapro to require tapering off? 15 days? A month?

about a year ago i was experiencing terrible anxiety. throwing up, tunnel vision, weird feeling in my chest, the works. the attacks went away but the depression and mild anxiety was still there and i started lexapro in january of this year. i drank heavily last night, threw up, went to bed and woke up and that terrible anxiety was there again. i’ve drank heavily while on lexapro but have never experienced this and im scared. has anyone experienced this? what did you do to help it? did the anxiety persist?

Hi all, so last night I upped my dose to 10mg after being on 5mg for a month and I feel like I have so much energy and kinda jittery and a little anxious. Are these normal side effects from bumping it up?

Was only on lexapro for 4 weeks. And she said it’s taking too long it switched me to wellburtrin. I’m frustrated because I had hoped for lexapro and she just gave up on it completely. I already tried wellburtrin in the past and now she wants me on it again

does anyone else experience absolutely no appetite on lexapro ? i’ve been on lexapro for two weeks 5mg and feel nauseous at even the thought of eating. This makes me not eat all day and feel incredibly lightheaded throughout the day. does anyone know how long it lasts or what to do to combat it? i just had to go home from hanging out with friends because of the lightheadedness

24F Lexapro + Wellbrutin I have literally NEVER experienced this in my entire life. I sit there with the urge and the need to go to the bathroom and nothing happens. Does this side effect pass? My doctor wants me to monitor it for a month, but this is awful.

Does anyone get dizzy spells or triggered anxiety by eating certain foods on Lexapro? I’m currently on Zoloft but when I eat something that I haven’t eaten in a while, I get dizzy spells after and it usually lasts on and off until my food is digested. I know it’s anxiety related, but Zoloft doesn’t really help curb it and it’s gotten worse on it, so I’m wondering if Lexapro will help this or make it worse.

Been on 10mg of Lexapro since Jan 20ish 2022 and man do I shake. It's never really shaking when I don't move, its only when I move. Like when I walk down stairs I can feel it in my legs shaking, or if I lift my arms up from my shoulders. I also feel like sometimes my coordination is off as well. The issue here is with my anxiety disorder, it often exaggerates these sideeffects. My anxiety also tries to make it so that its NOT the drugs and I have some sort of other disease or whatever. Anyone else experience this?

Hello I’m on day 5 of lexapro. I usually take it between 10-11 pm. How ever today I’m watching a movie around 8. Should I take my pill early?

Yesterday I accidentally took 40 mg and I’ve been feeling side effects ever since. Does anyone know when they’ll go away?

I’ve been taking Lexapro 5mg the past two weeks now and I’ve had some really intense dreams. Super vivid and super weird. I’ve also been waking up in the middle of the night due to it. Anyone else like this?

I went from 10mg to 20mg on Saturday and about 2 days later I started noticing I have to go to the bathroom more. Sometimes I go and have to go again 20 minutes later. I didn’t have this when I was on 10mg and increasing my mg is the only thing I’ve changed. I had my sugars checked 2 weeks ago and they were fine. Anyone else have increased urination when upping?

Hi everyone! I have been on lex for 12 weeks now. Started at 10mg, moved up to 20mg recently. I like many people in this sub experience strong side effects when taking lex. Due to covid I get less regular contact with people, and they are not super interested in the day to day struggles of adjusting to the medication. I created a discord server for people taking lex so they have a safe and supportive place to talk about what they're currently struggling with. It's loosely based off r/breakups discord. If you are interested in joining come check it out Strict no harassment rules and abusive chat is not tolerated. https://discord.gg/Q5t4UEA

Am I going to die

The psyche eval was too - how can i say this - too quick and easy. It was a 45min eval but cut down to 20min due to technical difficulties with video call. He asked 4 or 5 questions with me answering yes or no and boom, medication prescribed. I told him how much i hate meds since ive seen my mother on them all my life, and I dont wanna be medicalized just cuz its an option, i want it cuz i need it. I do deal with depression and anxiety and I know it works for people, but sometimes i feel im too smart smart for my own good. Also, i feel my anxiety/depression may be a side effects of something greater. I was rlly looking for a full psyche eval while knowing that i do suffer from anxiety/depression. Again, sounding like im too smart for my own good. I suck at getting my thoughts onto paper/text in the same way i think it, if that makes any sense. Thanks in advanced

I've been taking 5 mg for just over two weeks now. The first time I took it, I was hoping it would make me tired so I took it before bed -- I ended up staying awake most the night and feeling super anxious. The first couple of days were rough but thankfully have gotten better, and I feel I've kind of leveled out from it. I'm supposed to bump up to 10 mg but am nervous about going through those symptoms again. I've been really tired all day every day...this could be for a number of reasons and not necessarily related to the medication, but I have been wondering if anyone has had something similar happen after being on it for awhile -- switching either AM to PM or vice versa.

I’ve always had suicidal thoughts, but for my first two months on Lexapro they seemed to go away and I noticed some improvement in my moods. Recently, the suicidal thoughts have returned and have been constant and consuming. And i feel even heavier and emptier than I probably ever have. Like, beyond depressed. Is it possible this is just how I am, or is the medicine making it worse? Im prescribed 10mg. *i made a psych appointment, just asking here while i wait for that appointment to come

2 days on 10mg and now I'm feeling more anxious..is this normal?

Hi Gang, 5 days in to a 10MG daily dose. I know poeple (and my dr) say it might take weeks to feel things change but from 1-2 days in I've been feeling less (?) cloudy and happy. I imagine it's just in my head but quite interesting. Last night I had a rather intermittant sleep - woke up a few times crazily alert and hot but managed to sleep again. I think it's the Lexapro kicking in? I'm happy to be on this - it seems to be helping. What have you experienced on it in the first few weeks?

I gotta know

Started 2.5mg about 2 months ago. Then did 5mg for a month. Just 3 weeks ago went up again. Feeling no better. Am not sure if meds are making me worse. Sometimes I get shitty automatic thoughts where I think "meds are poison" or "you're in danger". They come like waves. My feelings are so physical/somatic. Exhausted from yo-yo of one okay day and the next 3 horrible. Rescue meds (benzo) make me exhausted but still anxious. Do I keep going? How do I know if meds are not working/making things worse?

I've been depressed since I was 12 and I'm 21 now, but they finally decided to put me on medication because I went to my doctor and told him about how in the last few months I can't focus at all on schoolwork or anything really - told him I thought I had ADD My doctor said to try a month of Lexapro and then we'd see, but I'm a week in and if anything my focus is even worse, all I think about is sleep and napping Does anyone have any tips or tricks for getting motivated and not feeling exhausted 24/7?

I’ve just been diagnosed and taking lexapro. Currently taking half a pill for my first week and then I’ll be taking 5mg every night. It’s only been about 4 days and fortunately I’ve felt no side effects. Does anyone who regularly lifts and engages in bulk and cut cycles have any experience in changes taking lexapro? I don’t understand the science of it all but how exactly does the weight gain affect people? Is it lack of appetite or increased appetite caused by lexapro that causes weight gain or is it outside of caloric intake where weight change occurs?

Schoolwork has been a massive struggle since starting lex and getting out of bed has been a momentous struggle after upping to 10mg. Gosh.. when will i get my life back. My anxiety got worse after upping and I'm waiting and hoping for things to get better

Hi there! My therapist recently referred me to a psychiatrist. She brought it up in my last session and was explaining to me that this route is very effective (medication &amp; CBT combined). Anyways, I had my appointment with a psychiatrist Monday of this week and she prescribed me Lexapro. I felt good leaving the appointment but now after exploring this subreddit, I’m scared! I think I’m scared of the side effects. I’m just really nervous! I am not going to start taking it until this upcoming Monday. I will be taking 2.5 mg the first week, then it will be increased to 5 mg. I have never taken medication before... I mean, I’ve taken NyQuil, and antibiotics when I got my wisdom teeth out. I take Tylenol when I get migraines! But that’s basically it. Any words of advice? I know advice is hard to give since every person reacts differently. But maybe some word to calm my brain down? Haha

I started about a week ago with 5mg and got a tingling in my hands and feet since then. The problem is I‘m taking it for health anxiety (especially MS). There are lesions in my brain but my MS specialist is sure it’s not MS. I also have no other symptoms. But now I‘m freaking out. It would be a huge coincidence if it was from MS because it started after taking Lexapro. But I would like to know if others experienced the same.

I usually take Lex in the morning right when I wake up. Last night I skipped dinner. I feel way worse this morning, nausea, jittery, increased anxiety. On 6 weeks rn. Does skipping meals do that?

can u take lexapro and mdma? im on 10mg taken in the morning. i would normally have about 3 caps on a night out

I know it’s silly but that’s just how my anxiety manifests I guess. There’s no family history of schizophrenia or anything like that but I’m so paranoid I’m going to start hallucinating or something. I’m on day 3 of lexapro (5mg) and I take it at 8pm. Last night I was watching a show on HBO and I was trying to sleep but I realized the same episode played twice and for some reason it freaked me out so bad, like what if I hallucinated it? Obviously I don’t think I did. I even had my mom sleep in my room with me because of the panic attacks I’ve been having. My anxiety has been really bad at night but I think it’s because I’m expecting the side effects to hit me so I’m just super hyper aware of everything. I just want some reassurance over everything I guess.

28F. I started lexapro in September, and the first 4 weeks were super rough, but my side effects seemed to have mellowed out around week 6. Two weeks ago, some of my symptoms resurfaced and I’ve been feeling super gross - night sweats, some minor muscle twitching in my legs, weakness, and just major sluggishness. I also feel like my brain is absolute mush 80% of the time, which is not normal for me. Is this still the adjustment period or should I consider finding a different medication? I should also add that my PMS is 10x worse than normal, which my doc doesn’t think is related.

I started lexapro almost 2 months ago and it’s helped a ton and I don’t feel many side effects anymore. I’m at 10mg and I wonder if I should increase my dose. It’s hard to say if it’s not working well enough some days or if I’m going through a ton of stress. I’m in grad school and I’m the middle of a very competitive stressful process of getting internships and last night I found out I got rejected everywhere I applied. I cried for hours feeling stressed and sad. It’s just hard to say if I need to up my dose or if it will be better when this gets less stressful

Does Lexapro help you with acid reflux (gerd) ? Please help me with that .

Hi everyone I’ve been taking 5mg of lexapro, and just upped my dose of lexapro to 10mg and Wellbutrin 100mg. Is anyone on this mix, I’m worried about anger as I’m usually very angry. Does anyone have any positive reviews or negative? I’m scared of being way too angry.

Did anyone else’s metabolism go back to normal after stopping Lexapro? I put on 25 lbs in the past year to the point I was 10 lbs away from weighing what I did 9 months pregnant. Stopped it cold turkey (not a great idea, I know) because I was so horrified. That was 2 months ago. I haven’t lost any weight but I haven’t gained anymore either. Lexapro truly helped me but being miserable has always been the status quo for me. I rather be miserable and stand a chance of being 165 again (I’ve never been “thin”) than be okay with life and nearing 200 lbs as I enter my mid-thirties.

I have been taking 20mg lexapro for a little close to two years. It helped tremendously after I left an abusive relationship that left me with ptsd &amp; extreme panic attacks. I no longer feel the need to continue taking this. I actually hate how they make me feel so numb. I hate the brain fog too. I stopped taking my doses 4 days ago. The withdrawal effects aren’t as bad as I was expecting, the brain zaps are minimal. Am I stupid for doing this? I have been monitoring my thoughts ever since I stopped taking them. I am doing fine. I just want to see if anyone else has quit without slowly weaning off of them/lowering the dose and just quitting cold turkey. I just want to be done. Please let me know your thoughts.

Hey everyone! I hope your journey with Lexapro is positive and it’s helping in the ways you need it to. I just recently came off Lexapro and have started developing acne and cystic acne. Wanted to see if anyone had similar experiences with this ? I think it may be my body detoxing? I feel alone and super self conscious now about my face. Doesn’t help anxiety/depression! Thanks for your stories. Appreciate it

Does anyone else get really dry sinuses? I’ve had some dry mouth, which isn’t terrible as I drink a lot of water, but my sinuses have also been really dry. When I do have to blow my nose it is dry with bloody mucus.

I just started today and I'm only on 5 mg yet I'm so giddy and I've never felt this way before, I keep twitching and my body feels like the inside of my veins is being tickled, I'm wide awake even tho it's night, yet at the same time I don't feel anything. I'm unable to cry. I can feel my heart in my chest and everything’s feels so much bigger than me

Stopped taking my lexapro. Been on for 2 years. My symptoms are being extremely lightheaded (almost a feeling of being high). As well as feeling sick to my stomach. Anyone else had these symptoms? Or different symptoms?

I’m scared to use metronidazole vaginal gel with lexapro. I saw that it has interaction. Like a heart rhythm thing that can be life threatening. I’ll be using it for 5 days vaginally. What y’all think and I okay? Does it interact?

I have been on lexapro for about 3 years now, and it’s been threat for my anxiety. I started it because I was getting major panic attacks that pretty much never stopped. In the 3 years I have been on it, I have gained much better control of my anxiety and haven’t been close to an anxiety attack in some time. I am thinking about weaning myself off of it but wanted to see what other people’s experience has been

Been on lex 5mg for about 4 months. Doc just put me on Buspirone. Haven’t taken it yet. Wondering if anybody had any experience with it and lex together.

Hi guys I'm on lexapro for five weeks now for anxiety but the past few days I've been feeling really down , my anxiety has decreased alot but being like this feeling down is near worse then anxiety and thinking about stopping them any advice? I'm on 5 mg a day. Thanks

I started taking lex 10 mg last Monday so a little less than a week and the first 3 days were so euphoric I was so excited because I wasn’t anxious and everything felt so calm, starting yesterday I feel like I did before I started taking it now I’m sad, I don’t want to feel like this. I know it’s going to take a while to get used to it or for it to fully kick in but damn I wish I could feel how I felt 4 days ago.

Hello everyone , today is my 3rd day taking .5 ml of lexapro after reading some reviews I am debating getting off and visiting this solution later if necessary. I have terrible anxiety from fear of my health. I deal with high blood pressure at 25 and scared of any cardiovascular issue. I’m wondering if I should stop this before I get too sucked in and deal with long term effects. Suggestions?

I’m two months on 10mg of lexapro. My horrible anxiety is gone. Now I almost feel anxious about not feeling anxious? If not feeling anything for that matter. I’m just kinda here. I’m not overly tired, or overly depressed, just chilled. But I get anxious I can’t connect with people or my boyfriend anymore. Anyone relate? Debating adding Wellbutrin to try to bring some sparkle back.

Is their any side effects from 2.5 mg of lexipro I need to start on them soon as I have crippling anxiety, but I am so afraid of the side effects It’s been three years , and now trying to build the confidence to start ?

I recently switched from 10mg to 20mg about a month ago and since then have been incredibly tired. I get 9 hours of sleep and I'm tired the whole day. 4 hours and I'm tired the whole day. I drink energy drinks and exercise and I'm tired by the afternoon. It's so hard to wake up in the morning because I'm always so tired, I've been unintentionally skipping many of my college classes because of that. Today I got a wonderful 9ish hours of sleep but had to take a nap around 3 hours after waking up - now it's 5 pm and I've slept most of the day. Should I keep waiting this out?

Increased to 15 mg after 6 weeks on 10MG. Was feeling okay the first 6 days (even decrease in anxiety symptoms) however days 7 and 8 have been crippled with severe anxiety?? How long will this last

i've just started taking it and when my doctor told me it normally takes 2 weeks or more to feel the effects i found so ironic since anxiety is my biggest problem. but i'm already feeling some effects, like feeling more level out, is it going to change more than that?

I had an anxiety attack last Wednesday. A build up of stress just got to me. I'm on 20mg of Leaxapro a day. Since the attack my anxiety was awful, I was sp depressed on Saturday I cried the entire day and realised why people kill themselves. It was scary and awful. I explained the situation to my Dr on Monday, who my psychiatrist discharged my care into. He said to take 30mg for 1-2 weeks then go back to 20mg. My mood has definitely stabilised and my anxiety dimmed but my head feel so fucked psychically, like just thumping on and off. I'm thinking I'll stay on the 30mg until next Monday then taper off by going down to 25mg for a week then back to 20mg. Or should I just go to 25mg for 3 days since thats how long I've been on the 30mg then back to 20mg? I'm so unsure.

I have plans to go on a short vacation with friends in April, and we’ll definitely be doing some drinking. I’m wondering if it would be ok for me to stop taking the Lexapro for a few days over that weekend, then it’ll be ok to drink with everybody? Or will I get immediate side effects if I stop taking it? I’m on 10mg/night, not a high dose.

My doctor keeps asking me if I'm experiencing emotional blunting and idk. I've always been a really reserved person who was not good at outward expression. That's how I knew I needed meds because I was so depressed I cried all the time. At everything. It was weird. Now I'm on Lexapro 10 mg for over a year and I'm seeing much better anxiety control than I did on Zoloft and the only time I really cry (other than when I'm angry) is when I've been off my meds for about a week, and the depression starts to come back. Otherwise I just feel neutral? Normal? Not exactly happy, but not unhappy, and certainly not anywhere near the depths of fear and despair I was before. Idk. The force with which my negative emotions come back when I'm off my meds makes me feel like I could possibly be experiencing blunting, but I don't feel blunted when I'm taking the meds.

Everyone who is on Lexapro, how long did it take for you to feel the full effects? I started Lexapro September 28th, after coming off of Wellbutrin, and I had a bad first couple of weeks, lots of side effects (but that could have been my Wellbutrin and buspar withdrawal too), and I feel leveled out now, after a month. Sort of. I take it at night. But I feel tired and no energy constantly. I didn't know if that tired/dull feeling ever goes away? I work full time and have two kids so this is hard to handle ugh. Im taking it to combat anxiety fyi.

Hi group, I'm on 7th week of Lexapro(15 mg) and overall feel pretty good. My only concern is that I can't cry anymore. Nothing can't trigger me to this point and I was a big cryer before. I cried all the time if it's a movie or any other small thing. Did anyone experience that? I feel like it's good to cry sometimes. Thanks

" A new study with 59 participants with major depressive disorder put psilocybin — the active ingredient in psychedelic mushrooms — up against a typical antidepressant, and found that the dose of psilocybin reduced symptoms as well as or better than escitalopram, which is sold as Lexapro. It’s the first randomized study with a drug comparison group to judge psilocybin’s pharmaceutical utility. The participants were split into two treatment groups, one of which got daily antidepressants and two very small doses of psilocybin, and the other of which got placebo pills and two heavy doses of psilocybin. While the experiment wasn’t designed to find which was better, that the mushrooms held their own is a tentatively positive sign for more research into their clinical uses." -Numlock, Walt Hickey, The article can be found here. https://www.statnews.com/2021/04/14/psilocybin-depression-psychedelics-escitalopram/

I think I'm 9 weeks in now. I don't feel any better or different, no side effects. Still struggling to function. Still crying everyday. I think I'm still slowly getting worse with each passing week, the very worry that brought me back to lexapro in the first place. I'm also ruminating more than ever before. I'm so frustrated. What do you think guys Is it time to give up on lexapro and maybe try something different?? Had anyone a similar experience. I appreciate your words.

Well it's more of a question about my fiancee as she started her lexapro yesterday 10mg today she said she felt sort out her body , asked her if it felt like she was feeling like a zombie . And she said yes . I was wondering if it this subsided after a couple of days as its her first day ? Second question would this be more like depersonalization ? Or she supposed to stop and try another medicine. Thanks for the help

two weeks ago I started taking lexapro and pregabalin for anxiety. since then I feel pain for a few seconds in different parts of the head and stings or burns. has anyone else experienced this?

Any interaction between grapefruit and Lexapro that u noticed??

Hi everyone, i’m a 27 F and have been struggling with anxiety and panic attacks for years without medication and now i was put on a try with Lexapro 5mg/ day but i have noticed some side effects that I’m really confused about. It has been 3 days and I took it about 2 hours before going to sleep and always woke up in the middle of the night feeling like dying. My stomach was very upset and woke me up with a headache. Then a moment later i could feel my nerves stretching and dizzy, i felt numb and burned all over my head and then spreading to my two arms until the point I couldn’t feel anything, my heart was racing as well and I wanted to call the ambulance as I thought i was gonna die. It felt like the peak of panic attacks but I haven’t had this as often as when I take these pills. I’m wondering if anyone ever experienced the same thing. Appreciate for your help!

For context I’m 27F on lexapro and birth control. For the last while I have been HUNGRY like I can eat and eat and still be hungry. If I don’t eat I’ll start being spacey, heart racing, feeling like I’m gonna pass out and this will all be resolved with food. I’ve had allll the blood work done and seriously can’t figure out what is going on. I narrowed it to the ssri or birth control or a combo of both. Especially after looking here and seeing people have had similar issues. Now as i mentioned this to my doctor she looked at me like I’m the dumbest person alive. She told me she has never seen this as a a side effect and I’m on such a low dose ( 7.25mg as I’m trying to taper down) that I wouldn’t even be having side effects. I did ask so what could be causing my issues and she just shrugged. I’m such at a loss ☹️

Has anyone had any scary reactions when doing their breathing treatments I have a fear it’s gonna give me a panic attack because I get super shaky after did anyone have any issues when doing it?

My doc gave me a sample for migraines. I took it today and felt the best I’ve felt in months. Like happy and SINGING. It looks like it can’t be taken daily, though. https://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/drug-178546/ubrelvy-oral/details I struggle w the typical lexapro side effects so always looking for an alternative. I can’t take Wellbutrin. Just wondering what others have experienced w Ublevry.

I bumped from 5mg to 10mg beginning of july. It is august 1st and last week was amazing. I felt normal again- no depression no anxiety. It was crazy! I was so scared it would come back. And what do you know, today I’ve been really struggling with my depression. It’s like the feelings that made me actually up my dose are back. It’s like my normal contentment is gone. This depression doesn’t allow me to just ~be~ I hateeeeeeeee this feeling! Just want to enjoy life and be at peace. I wanna be able to go about my day without feeling like this? Week 3 was awesome. Thought I had finally felt the effects of the 10mg - now I feel hopeless. It’s week 4 and I shouldn’t be feeling worse again? Right? Thoughts / advice please

Hi, I’m on 2.5 mg, planning to work my way up in dosage. I’ve noticed that my anxiety is still ever present, but my motivation to tackle things is lower than it was prior to starting, probably due to tiredness, which then adds to depression. Is this normal? Thanks.

I’ve been on lexapro for 2.5 months now. Is this how people with good brain chemistry go through life? I haven’t felt this way since childhood. I’m so light and bubbly. At work, I laugh and make the people around me smile. It takes A LOT for me to get irritated, yet I’m so in tune with my emotions in a healthy way. I’m confident, speak with assurance and I’m more quick on my feet. I wish I started this 10 years ago!

Ok. Random, is anyone else getting worse body odor?

Was my 18th birthday so went out and celebrated accordingly, having 2 brandy and dry’s, a glass of wine, and a gin and tonic. Surprisingly my tolerance was fine, but have woken up worse for wear this morning. Nausea, a bit of diherrea, bad sleep, slightly anxious. Could I be hungover? Usually I don’t get this hung from that amount of drinks, but I suppose I’m quite light in weight and a woman so that could be it? Just need some reassurance! Thanks

I started Lexapro 10mg 6 days ago. The first few days I had less anxiety but since yesterday I’m having a little anxiety again. Not as bad but it’s there. I know it takes a while to get into your system but I figured since I felt instant relief I wouldn’t back track. Has this happened to anyone else?

I get anxiety (Sometimes a general feeling, and sometimes socially) a few times a day and when I get it it can be bad, but it does not hold me back from participating in work meetings, and usually doesn’t stop me from interacting with coworkers and friends. Overall I’d say it’s a 4/10 throughout the day with spikes up to 8/10. Has anyone with anxiety that isn’t usually horrific had success taking 2.5mg or 5mg a day? I’m just concerned about side effects like weight gain and loss of motivation. My psychiatrist said he’d be willing to let me only increase dosage when I feel I’d be ready. Thanks!

This is my first week taking lexapro and I've been taking it in the afternoon. I feel really groggy during the daytime, can't focus on studies and generally feeling a little loopy, but then I can't sleep at night. Kind of at a loss at what to do. What are some strategies so I can side step the side effects? Would it be okay to take zzquil to sleep at night? My next doctor appointment isn't until two weeks later where I'll definitely discuss the side effects with the doctor.

I ran out of meds 4 days ago. I do not have a doctor and I have no insurance. I requested a refill online through the online pharmacy with Walmart. I hope to hear something back soon. I've been taking 20mg for years now and the withdrawals at this point almost are unbearable. My question is, can it ske another SSRI to help with my symptoms? Or is there anything I can do? I cannot stop vomiting at the moment, and I'm extremely nauseous.

Just wondering if having diarrhea is normal from taking lexapro. I’ve had it for 5 days straight and it’s getting really aggravating. Idk what to do to stop it.

Didn’t lose much weight. I occasionally feel like shit. My anxiety is kind of back but surprisingly manageable without it. Getting the no-no thoughts again some times but not nearly as intense as I did before I started on Lexapro. Also I get that “very defeatist” feeling when my mood gets bad. Overall, quitting cold turkey didnt really help much else than maybe my short term memory and the ED finally stopped. But overall I didn’t have an insane withdrawal (10m) TLDR - sub was right, I should have stayed on. Jumping off didn’t change much. Also I probably should have spoken with doctor first. Quick question, can I start taking it again like nothing changed after not doing so for a month?

So my side effects so far were jittery, headaches and nausea. But here’s where I’m confused and curious if anyone else has experienced this. I get kinda cold randomly, but feel hot? Idk how to explain it better. I really like lexapro, it keeps my anxiety away. But I’ve only taken 3 doses so far. Are these side effects normal?

all week i have been Miserable and awake almost all night every day, but last night i FINALLY had One Single Sleep. 😭 very thankful. switching to mornings really saved my ass!! i did experience my first Way Too Vivid dream though, about getting my wisdom teeth out but from the pov of where i was lying in my bed 🤨 quite weird but you know what? ill take it, lol. it beats being up like a cryptid all night.

This is week 4 on lexapro. I take it at night before i go to bed and the first week was rough with the side effects. This all subsided and on the 3rd week i highfive someone which completely caught me off guard and i knew the lexapro was working lol. These last few days i feel like I’m back to where i started. Depressed, anxiety through the fucking roof. Should i up my dosage? Or give it a few more weeks? I also take brupropion not sure if that means anything. Any advice would be great! I also like seeing success stories to give myself some type of hope. I just want to get better already.

Anyone out there feel kind of like they’re on a rocking boat, or have trouble with their vision “catching up” after stopping Lexapro? It’s been about a month since I’ve taken any Lexapro. I titrated off 10mg over a few months. I had the gnarly brain zaps and more intense dizziness, as well as being super emotional. Those seemed to be resolved over the last couple weeks but that off kilter feeling is lingering…thus causing a little anxiety. I remember having this feeling when I was getting on and titrating up from 5 to 10mg. I’m at the gym fighting through my workout because of it. It’s just kind of been ongoing for a few days at this point. Yes I drink enough water 🤣 Anyone still feeling like this after about of month of being off (after a taper under the supervision of my psych NP)??

Them: you’re super chill! Me: thanks! It’s the Lexapro. Them: ….

Before I go out and buy a bunch of vitamins I'd like to get an opinion from some other people in this group :) Do you think it helps? If not, have you found anything that does? I'm so tired hah

I've taken Lexapro before, and I had the sleepy side affects. But now that I'm back on it, I'm getting the insomnia side effects. I haven't slept at all the last 2 nights and I hate it. I've been taking Melatonin, and besides the Lexapro, nothing has changed. Im exhausted, and wanted to see if anyone had some sleeping advice like teas or stuff like that. I really really need it 😭

Been on lexapro 20mg about 7 weeks. It helped my anxiety and intrusive thoughts greatly and I’m so thankful for that. I can’t seem to get my energy and motivation back. The doctor added Wellbutrin SR a little over 3 weeks ago and it has done nothing at all, maybe even more tired now. Anyone have any advice or experience with this??

Can someone please give me their advice/help. Does anyone relate? I’m confused what to do. I’m just lost right and I have so much brain fog. I also tested positive for covid yesterday and I’m not sure if that making me more stressed and foggy. 9/26: started 5mg 10/10: started 10 mg. I had some increased anxiety as a side effect but it subsided 10/20: I started feeling great, less anxiety and I thought I was out of the woods and started to slowly enjoy life more and more. Now as of 11/10 I felt like I was back to square one. I had the onset of anxiety and I really felt like shit. It made me so foggy. I also found out I had covid thag day and have to isolate for ten days. I don’t know if it’s the meds dosage wearing off and I need more or if I should just push through it. I just absolutely hate this feeling. I waited so long for it to be better and now it’s back.

Anyone else feel their heart beating irregularly when weaning off lexapro/loxalate ? I was only on 5mg and experienced 3 weeks of moodiness/crying and noticeably irregular heartbeat when weaning off. Now I see research come out saying they don’t know if SSRIs even work - it’s just an experiment….? 😅

Hello! I’m wondering if anyone has any experience of changing their zoloft to lex/esc? Im currently on 25mg zoloft (going down from 50mg) and 5 mg escitalopram. Currently on day five. 🫠

So my doctor wanted me to start with 5mg a day to see how I’d do, and how I’d react. Yeah, the anxiety hasn’t improved. I’d say with work starting back up it’s only gotten worse, which I did not think possible. I think 10 mg a day may improve the effects but I don’t know if I should without the okay from doc. Any thoughts? I’m 18 if that’s any relevance.

I have been on Lexapro since the end of June. I ultimately found out that it was the cause of my extreme tiredness. So I'm tapering off. I went from 10 mg to 5 mg in a span of 11 days. Today was the worst. I had twitching everywhere, and extreme burning pain. Please tell me this goes away!

Ive been taking lexapro for about a month and am starting to really love it. I know i probably have some sort of arrhythmia or heart issue. I asked to have an EKG but now i dont want to be taken off lexapro because of how good it has started to become. Anyone else have arrhythmias and take lexapro?

Hi guys! I’m coming on here because I feel like this is the only place I might get some help. I’ve been on lexapro for about 10 weeks now. I started at 5mg for one week, 10mg, for one week, and have been on 20mg for about 8 weeks now. There was some adjusting where i was worse before I got “better” but I honestly feel mostly the same as I did prior to starting. The only noticeable difference is that I have a slightly better time controlling my emotions. Not too many outbursts and such but all the emotions are still there. I still get anxious, I still feel depressed, etc.. I truly don’t think I have experienced any changes to how I feel. I have an appointment next week to determine whether I stay on it or try something new, any advice? Should I just thug it out and hope it’ll get better in the long run or do I just maybe need something different?

I just got up to 40mg like 8 weeks ago (which is the therapeutic dose for the issue I have) and like, I was having vivid dreams the whole time I was on it but since I got up to 40 they’ve been crazy. I just woke up from an hours-long stress dream, where I kept waking up irl and having the sigh of relief before drowsiness pulled me back into something just as bad. I think I need a way out of that. How do I make it stop???!!!

Hey everyone. I’ve been on 5mg of Lexapro for 4 months now. Tomorrow I’m switching to 10mg of Viibryd. My doctor told me I don’t need to taper/cross taper from the Lexapro. I can just stop it and start the Viibryd. Does this sound right to anyone? Did anyone else just stop an antidepressant and start a new one immediately? Thanks for the help.

I was just prescribed lexapro 10mg for anxiety issues, but have heard from people that their anxiety has skyrocketed when on lexapro. How has lexapro affected your guy's anxiety? Also, at what time is it best to take lexapro?

idk if it’s different bc i’m in canada but the doctor only prescribes me lexapro for 3 months then i have to make another doctors appointment to get prescribed for more. so basically every 3 months i have to go see the doctor and it’s annoying. can they prescribe me for longer like maybe 6-9 months before i go see the doctor again?

I’m on day 3 and I feel like I’m crashing and need a nap by 3pm (which I cannot do. I have school work I do in the morning and work in the evenings), I’m yawning the entire day, and then when I have to go to sleep I can’t fall asleep. My hands have been incredibly shaky, which was never a problem before. Does it get better? I already hate this. (Note: I’m also taking 15 mg of Adderall every day for ADHD)

Does anybody have anything that helps get through lexapro withdrawal. I'm at the end of my rope.

I’ve been on Lexapro for a total of 8 weeks now, 4 of them being on 5mg and the other 4 on 10mg. I’ve still yet to see any changes in my anxiety or sleep. I feel the exact same as before I took this medication except for some stomach issues. My doctor wants me to increase to 15mg for another 4 weeks but I’m debating on calling it quits. I’ve always read that the majority of people notice atleast some change usually within 4-6 weeks of starting and antidepressant so I’m wondering if it’s worth continuing or trying to convince my doctor to switch to a new one? Also I tried Zoloft before and went to the max dosage of 200mg before coming off because of no results.. I don’t want to waste more time on Lexapro if its going to be the same.. Thanks

I don’t want to blame my lack of motivation entirely of the lexapro, But I really don’t give a shit about anything anymore. Nothing feels important. Not even school that I was doing so well in my first year. Now going into my second year of college, I’m on month 2 of lexapro. School started 1 month ago and I’ve barely made any effort to participate in my courses. I logged in today to discover that I’ve been dropped from my classes and this means I’m going to lose my scholarship. On top of lack of motivation, I’m hungry all the time and I’m gaining lots of weight. I’m afraid this medication is going to cause me to be even more depressed

I started 5mg of Lexapro on June 5, bumped up to 10mg by the end of June, and started 20mg in the first week of July. I've been on 20mg since and have only positive things to say, except for the increasing fatigue. I can't sleep enough. At the moment I'm sleeping 12 hours+ a day (8-10 hours overnight and a 2-4 hour nap during the day, if I'm not working). If you've had the same side effect, how do you manage it? I'm not going to lower my dose or change meds because in every other regard Lexapro has been working incredibly well for me, but I just need to not be so tired all the time. I drink 2 cups of coffee a day in the morning and don't have any other stimulants or meds.

On about week 3 of lexapro, it was keeping me awake initially so I started doing 5mg AM and 5mg PM but since week 1 I am so lethargic during the day I could fall asleep. Anyone else experience this when starting? Hoping this will go away it’s making me want to stop taking it. I’ll stick it out 6 weeks though. Thanks 🙏

So I'm 4 months into taking Lexapro. Started with the general abdominal pain you get when starting and it just hasn't gone away. I have abdominal discomfort from the moment I wake up to the time I go to sleep. It's like an achy nagging pain around the belly button. Have had every test under the sun - CT scan, Colonoscopy, Blood Tests which were all normal so surely it has to be the Lexapro. Why is it that it helps some people and has made me be in chronic abdominal pain. Is it too late to stop if because the damage has been done by the SSRI? Has anyone else had problems that didn't resolve?

Hey guys! Really just hoping someone can relate so I don’t feel alone on my own little island…. I was on 5MG of Lexapro for a month, and had minor GI issues in which went away. I increased to 10MG 5 days ago and I have a “clear” mind, but feel spacey and my head just feels.. funny? Kind of like a balloon.. The only way I know to describe it. I’m assuming this is just my brain adjusting to it? Just kind of freaking me out. Oh, and of course exhausted 😴. Thanks for any comments!

I’m on day 5 and starting to realise that what I have (prior to starting) is mainly anhedonia rather than depression I think (I really don’t know, maybe that still equates to depression). My doctor had me under the impression that this medication would help with the anhedonia and help me to be able to enjoy things again, but from what jve read over the past 2 days, people say it doesn’t help with that. Has anybody found the Lex helps with anhedonia? I still feel sad and very down and major social anxiety and disconnection, but it’s mainly that I just can’t be bothered to do anything. I’ll sit there for a whole day just scrolling without any emotion. Please if anybody has any advice let me know. I’m only 5 days in so if this medication isn’t going to help with my anhedonia, I can further discuss it with my dr, but hopefully somebody has had some success with this because I would still like to try out the Lex for longer and not drop it so soon

I was on lexapro 10 mg for one month but the side effects weren’t worth it so I stopped taking it cold turkey, I didn’t see a need to taper since I was on it for a short amount of time, but ever since I stopped I’ve been having bad anxiety, little depressed, dizziness, and bad brain fog. How long will this last?

Lexapro is not for me, suicidal thoughts, racing heart and anxiety and panic attacks + derealization and the feeling of being disconnected from reality. Been taking for 17 days and I tried to go cold turkey, bad idea. My back is currently burning. How should I taper? I take 5MG pieces and cut them in half to make 2.5mg, even with the taper I am still getting these side effects. Is this pill really this strong???

I’ve only been on Lexapro for about 10 days (5mg for 6 days, 10mg for 4) and I’ve felt an incredible change in my mental health! I know it takes wayyy longer for it to start really working, but I feel completely different and way happier! No anxiety/depression at all! I started feeling this way a couple hours after my first dose tbh and it’s only gotten better from there haha, anyone else get anything like this?

Have other people experienced this? One of my pupils is slightly larger than the other one. I don't think it's like that all the time but I've noticed it several times since starting on escitalopram two weeks ago. It's always the right pupil being larger. It's not really a problem physically but I think observant people might notice it. Looks a bit strange or druggy

So, my doctor prescribed me 10mg Lexapro today. It’s actually the generic kind but same thing. Anyways, I’m extremely nervous about starting it. I’ve never been on antidepressants before; she also has me taking this for my anxiety. I’m not working from home, and I don’t have the ability to take any time off which worries me with what people are saying in this forum. Ive decided to start it on Saturday instead of during the week but I work a short shift on Sunday. I don’t know, I’m extremely nervous that my work is going to be affected by this and there’s no room for me to have sick days or anything due to being short staffed. I guess I’m just looking for reassurance. Has anyone else had side effects and been able to push through it at work? I do office work as well as deal with customers in a retail stand point.

Hello! So, I’ve been taking Lexapro for 7 days (5mg). I take it in the mornings. I do experience some really awful side effects like nausea, but there is one thing I want to ask. Is it normal that I feel better in the evening than in the morning? I am very scared that I have bipolar or something. Mornings are awful as hell, but around 4pm I start feeling a little better, more energised, more hopeful and calmer. I am not sure how to react, I am just scared to let myself feel good as I know that in the morning I will be feeling awful again. Not sure how to react. Or maybe it’s just my body adapting to the pill?

Hello, has anyone ever taken any herbal supplements with lexapro? I was given some by my acupuncturist. One for a detox and one for anxiety / depression. She says they will help and are safe to take with lexapro...but I am starting to feel a little bit better and don't want to mess too much with that. I told my pdoc and she said you have to be careful with some herbs but I won't get to see her / show them to her for 2 weeks. I believe the acupuncture is helping some and I want to take them if they will help. If anyone has any input or experiences I would be grateful to hear them. :)

Hello all, I hope you are well. So I have been on Lexapro since June. It's been 3 or 4 months since I started. I will say it has been great. I would feel anxious here and there occasionally but not to an extreme. But recently I have been so busy I missed a couple of doses. Like three or four to be honest. Not back to back but Moreno every other day. Last week my anxiety was triggered by a certain topic and I found that next morning and the days following I was waking up with it which usually happened when my anxiety was bad. I haven't seen my therapist in over a month and being in school, working, and having alot of outside home issues I think is getting to me. Has anyone ever missed doses and feel like a huge stepback? I am taking Propranolol and I have to take two 10 my pills to feel better. My Lexapro is 10 mg and I am questioning should I eventually seek to go up a dosage if things stay the same. Like I said I missed a few doses so that may be it. Thank you, everyone!

So I'm like ridiculously scared to take this. Did anyone take a benzo daily for the first week or two? Is that ok? My doctor said it's fine but I'm still worried. I have 0.5mg Ativan. I'm so scared of the increased anxiety and literally anything bad happening. I can handle most side effects but I've held off on this medication for months because the fear of anything bad happening.

I am male and work at the government as financial analyst in Canada. I am also a CPA candidate. Do you think it's a good idea to be open about my mental health? It's exhaustive to pretend to be okay. Has anyone done this before? Love you all my lexa family! &lt;3 Your lexa bruh!! :)

Just posted a few days ago but things have really been going downhill since then. My anxiety’s been reduced but now i have intense apathy thats actually really scaring me. Especially at night, i’ve been starting to spiral a bit into existential thoughts of hopelessness that i wasnt really having before. It’s gotten really hard to sleep at night and the dreams make it worse so i already wake up feeling pretty out of it. its starting to take me out of my body &amp; i don’t feel like myself at all. it’s really hard to get a hold of my psych so i can’t talk to her until november. i know it takes a while for everything to even out but i’m really nervous about this getting worse and spiraling out even more.

Hi all! I picked up my prescription today, and I haven't started taking it yet... I plan to start tomorrow. I know it affects everybody differently, but I just wanted to see if there was anything I should know, or things I should avoid, watch out for, etc. What time do you take yours? Also I just realized that my pill bottle says 10mg, although my doc told me he was going to start me on 5mg. Hope that's not going to be an issue. I'm just nervous taking new medications. 😬

The first 2 weeks were rough but it’s so so worth it. I was afraid I wasn’t going to be able to cry, but someone just sent me a video of my Mom before she passed away and I was able to cry and feel the sadness, but without it bringing me down the spiral that it used to. For those at the beginning stages, hang in there!! (I’m also on 300mg of Wellbutrin and 30mg of Vyvanse for ADHD. Both of these have been very helpful too).

I’m on day 5 of Lexapro and last night was the worst night ever. I used to have sleep anxiety but has gotten better before I took this med. I was up all night with panic and my body would not let me go to sleep. I finally took a half of klonopin which I don’t like to do and it gave me an hour or so of sleep. I’m terrified that this has become an issue again or is it just the med? My anxiety is off the charts. I don’t know how you keep going on this. As a side note, I was on it in 2019 but was already on Amitryptiline for sleep so didn’t have these issues. I’m wondering if this med is not working for me? I’m only on 2.5 because I’m very med sensitive but I’ve never experienced anxiety like this.

Ever since starting this medication I’ve been getting more and more nightmares. I’ve always dreamt but nightmares were usually far and few in between, now I get one at least once a week. I do get the vivid dreams side effect but most of them are absolutely terrifying nightmares and I seriously wake up scared for my life because they’re usually situations I’m terrified of in real life. Does anyone else experience this? Is there a way to prevent it? For reference I usually take my 10mg pill around 7pm with food but last night I forgot and took it around 10:30pm and this morning I had the worst nightmare I’ve had in years. Oh and I’ve been on the medication for almost 3 months now.

Does anyone else have issues where they just forget to take their meds for a a day or a couple of days in a row... like more than once/month? It’s not like I feel better and stop taking them (lexapro and Wellbutrin), I just forget. I’ve been on lexapro since April, and Wellbutrin since July/August. I don’t really NOTICE withdrawal side effects or anything, but I know it’s not good for me and I probably do have increased anxiety that I just think is normal. Does anyone do this, and does anyone have tips/tricks for combatting this?

I've been on 10 mg for 1.5 months and I've noticed certain neurodivergent traits have intensified since being on it. Aside from the normal side effects and mood stability the medication has given me I've noticed that I find it harder to focus on things, I forget where I put things and leave them behind, as well as becoming fixated on things more often and struggling with social situations. I've suspected that I'm neurodivergent for a good couple of years but haven't bothered seeking a diagnosis for anything as I think I'm high functioning and I don't think I'll change anything in my life. Has anyone experienced something similar?

I'm on Lexapro 10MG for Depression and Real Event OCD. It's still doing great for depression. But my OCD is having a relapse with rumination over other past mistakes. I'm just about to be on week 4, should I wait it out a little while more before getting a dose increase?

Has anyone noticed a consistent muscle twitch since starting lexapro? My left hand twitches randomly and consistently in the same spot. It started about 3 days after I started Lexapro.

My anxiety has been so bad for the last year. I finally reached out for help and am starting medication for the first time. I’ll update here for any side effects/mood changes if anyone cares :) I’m so nervous but hopeful that I’ll start feeling like myself again.

I used to cry almost every day and would feel more relieved after. After a couple months on lexapro (7.5 mg for about 3 weeks and 5 before that) I can’t cry ever. This morning I had a full blown panic attack because I wanted to cry and couldn’t and the only reaction I can have with any sort of release is panic? It was scary and I couldn’t even cry after! Does anyone have any insight on this or how I could make myself cry again ? It’s scary to not be able to and I feel less human.

Hi, so yesterday i took my first 10mg dose of lexapro. That night I smoked about half a very strong joint and felt okay for around 20 minutes and suddenly I felt like i was going to die (very hot, shaking, heart rate 180, hyperventilating, impending feeling of doom, thought i was gonna die). I've never felt like that before and my pupils were also really large. I was very delirious and I was very worried it was serotonin syndrome despite taking my first dose 8 hours ago. Called a friend and he calmed me down and just told me it was a panic attack. I've been smoking for 5 months and that was hardly the most ive ever smoked. It was especially scary because it was the first panic attack i ever experienced and it happened very suddenly for seemingly no reason. Its the next day now and I feel very great weirdly enough.

Just kind of blowing off some steam right now. I'm on day 5 of 5mg Lexapro. I will technically start day 6 here in like 6 hours. I slept for about an hour tonight and woke up feeling super stimulated and anxious. I haven't been able to get back to sleep. I've been having heart palpitations every now and then too. I messaged my doctor but probably won't hear back until the morning. I've been trying to fall back asleep through deep breathing and calming exercises but I just feel so stimulated - almost feels like I drank a big coffee before bed. I know I gotta wait this out but man does this suck. I'm not looking forward to work tomorrow.

What is the easiest way of switching to night time to take my Lexapro? Do I just skip morning and take it at night? Will I feel weird during day since I’ll be skipping my normal time?

I’ve been taking Lexapro for about 12 weeks and the fatigue and brain fog have been unreal. Trying to figure out a solution, I read some articles about this topic and learned Lexapro depletes several vitamins, including B12, and depletes coenzyme q10. I started taking a multivitamin with b complex and a CoQ10 supplement and it has definitely helped. Note: I had been taking a vitamin supplement already, but also read that the hard vitamins are not absorbed easily by the body. I switched to one that is a powder inside a gel cap.

My biggest struggle with depression has been the brain fog. I was prescribed lexapro since a family member responded well to it. However I hear it makes brain fog worse. Has anyone who started lexapro for brain fog noticed it helps?

I've been on lexapro since I was 13 and a decade later this still happens, has anyone else experienced this? It's so bad that my family often notices and asks if I took my pill yet. I can't tell if it's withdrawl, or what, but it makes the idea of tapering off (which I've been wanting to do for years) terrifying. When I'm alone I don't notice a major difference though.

Unable to really tell if it helped or not… I suppose my ruminating thoughts got better with the Med…. But ocd like behavior got worse for me… specifically picking at my skin and pulling at my brows. Ontop of this, experienced a lot of brain fog, trouble thinking of words etc. I’ve decided to stop lexapro. I will taper from 10, to 5… then none. I’m hoping withdrawals aren’t too bad.

Hey guys, has anyone experienced withdrawal symptoms or anything reducing their dosage? My psychiatrist advised me to, I’m just curious about you guys’ experience. Thank you!

Hii on lex for my anxiety. In super sensitive to it as well like if I’m late by an hour I get all weird 2 days later Just had an extraction done in a tooth and they gave me 2 halcions beforehand. Then said to skip lexapro tonight Lexapro 10mg- I’ll be fine right?

I've currently been taking Lexapro for about a month now and just ran out of my first bottle. Sadly because of my work schedule I haven't been able to go to the pharmacy in my spare time and have just now gotten around to having it shipped to me (My car is currently in the mechanic) . I know I won't get it for at least two or three days so I was wondering if I would get any withdrawals within that time span. I know it varies from person to person but if anyone has had experience getting off of Lexapro, especially within the time that I've taken it, your input would be greatly appreciated.

has anyone ever experienced depression/anxiety as a side effect of toxic mold growing in their house?

